doc: Clarifying usage of `cloud_backup_schedule` export bucket functionality and fix outdated descriptions (#3077)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/resources/cloud_backup_snapshot_export_bucket.md

-> **NOTE:** Groups and projects are synonymous terms. You may find `groupId` in the official documentation.

> -> **NOTE:** To prevent errors during resource destruction, ensure that no `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource defining an automatic export policy references this resource. In case updates are needed to related `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resources they must be done in isolated terraform apply operations from the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_snapshot_export_bucket` destroy.

Reviewer: made a few updates here for clarity. If I'm understanding correctly users should update the backup schedule first before destroying the bucket resource. If that's not the case, let me know and I can revisit the suggestion.
```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** To prevent errors during resource destruction, ensure that no `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource that defines an automatic export policy references this resource. If you must update related `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resources, make these updates in isolated `terraform apply` operations first, then run the operation that destroys the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_snapshot_export_bucket` resource.
```

Author: yes this suggestion makes sense to me, applying directly 👍
